Ansible templates.
So a template is something that lets you abstract a file.
What we mean by that is we want to be able to have most of the file be static,
but certain parts are changing for what we're concerned about
and those changes we have inside a double-quotes,
brackets, and then the variable name.
So let's look at how this looks in an actual file.
So this here is a file to present a repo in the form of packages
and here we have been abstracted the server name
and the repo name and we can see that based on the double quotes and the squiggly lines.
So let's look at how this actually works.
With a template, you have the templated file but then you have to
apply that templated file to the system which is where this module template takes place.
In addition, you have the variables that are defined that go into that templated file.
So you have three levels of depth.
So here we're looking at the application of that template onto the system.